Stm-bg96 (#73)
AVSystem/developer-zone: docs/Anjay_integrations/Anjay_ST_integration/STM32L496G-DISCOBG96.md

!!! note
    If you use BG96-based configuration, you must upgrade the firmware of the modem to at least the `BG96MAR02A08M1G` revision. Older versions may cause unexpected loss of connection.

> !!! note

Reviewer: I think this can be under the same note as in line 56, otherwise looks good

>      To upgrade this firmware please download these .zip files:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     To upgrade this firmware please download the following .zip files:
```
